c:\users\altindal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\bin\Debug\prjKutuphane.exe.config
c:\users\altindal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\bin\Debug\prjKutuphane.exe
c:\users\altindal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\bin\Debug\prjKutuphane.pdb
c:\users\altindal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\altindal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\altindal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\altindal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.exe
c:\users\altindal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.pdb
c:\users\altindal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.Anasayfa.resources
c:\users\altindal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.Login.resources
c:\users\altindal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.kitapekle.resources
c:\users\altindal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.kitaplar.resources
C:\Users\ALTINDAL\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.kitapkayit.resources
c:\users\altindal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.YeniKullanici.resources
c:\users\altindal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.sifreunuttum.resources
c:\users\altindal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.kullanicibilgileri.resources
c:\users\altindal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.sifre.resources
G:\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\bin\Debug\prjKutuphane.exe.config
G:\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.exe
G:\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.pdb
C:\Users\ALTINDAL\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.kullan覺c覺bilgileriadmin.resources
C:\Users\ALTINDAL\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.KitaplarDuzenle.resources
C:\Users\ALTINDAL\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.okuyucuekle.resources
C:\Users\ALTINDAL\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.okuyuculiste.resources
C:\Users\ALTINDAL\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.emanetkitapislemleri.resources
C:\Users\ALTINDAL\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.EmanetListe.resources
C:\Users\ALTINDAL\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.Teslim.resources
C:\Users\ALTINDAL\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.guvenlik.resources
C:\Users\ALTINDAL\Desktop\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\bin\Debug\prjKutuphane.exe.config
C:\Users\ALTINDAL\Desktop\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.exe
C:\Users\ALTINDAL\Desktop\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.pdb
C:\Users\ALTINDAL\Desktop\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\bin\Debug\prjKutuphane.exe
C:\Users\ALTINDAL\Desktop\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ALTINDAL\Desktop\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.Anasayfa.resources
C:\Users\ALTINDAL\Desktop\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.emanetkitapislemleri.resources
C:\Users\ALTINDAL\Desktop\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.EmanetListe.resources
C:\Users\ALTINDAL\Desktop\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.guvenlik.resources
C:\Users\ALTINDAL\Desktop\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.KitaplarDuzenle.resources
C:\Users\ALTINDAL\Desktop\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.kullan覺c覺bilgileriadmin.resources
C:\Users\ALTINDAL\Desktop\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.kitapekle.resources
C:\Users\ALTINDAL\Desktop\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.kitapkayit.resources
C:\Users\ALTINDAL\Desktop\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.kitaplar.resources
C:\Users\ALTINDAL\Desktop\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.kullanicibilgileri.resources
C:\Users\ALTINDAL\Desktop\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.Login.resources
C:\Users\ALTINDAL\Desktop\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.okuyucuekle.resources
C:\Users\ALTINDAL\Desktop\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.okuyuculiste.resources
C:\Users\ALTINDAL\Desktop\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\ALTINDAL\Desktop\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.sifre.resources
C:\Users\ALTINDAL\Desktop\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.sifreunuttum.resources
C:\Users\ALTINDAL\Desktop\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.Teslim.resources
C:\Users\ALTINDAL\Desktop\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.YeniKullanici.resources
C:\Users\ALTINDAL\Desktop\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\ALTINDAL\Desktop\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\bin\Debug\prjKutuphane.pdb
C:\Users\ALTINDAL\Desktop\Visual Studio projeleri\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\bin\Debug\prjKutuphane.exe.config
C:\Users\ALTINDAL\Desktop\Visual Studio projeleri\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.exe
C:\Users\ALTINDAL\Desktop\Visual Studio projeleri\prjKutuphane\prjKutuphane\obj\Debug\prjKutuphane.pdb
